fix(readme): Update definition of the project (#8)
bonitasoft-labs/bpmn-js: README.md

# bpmn-js

> Process Analytics: An embeddable solution that delivers interactive data visualization of process execution for monitoring and reporting.

Reviewer: I though **Process Analytics** was the commercial project.

Does this library just display BPMN diagram with extensions (like annotations, colors, ...) ? So, no need to talk about monitoring & reporting here.

> A project to visualize process execution data. Diagrams are displayed from bpmn files. With additional display options for execution data (hightlight some transitions, counters, and more). With interactive capacities (mouse hover, click).

Reviewer 2: ``
```suggestion
A JavaScript library to visualize process execution data. Diagrams are displayed from BPMN files. With additional display options for execution data (highlight some transitions, counters, and more). With interactive capacities (mouse hover, click).
```
